README.md, before:

# 🍭 Sweet Swipe

A lightweight, fully-client-side HTML 5 match-3 game (think simplified **Candy Crush**) tuned for iOS 17+ Safari and playable offline thanks to a Service Worker.

| Feature | Details |
|---------|---------|
| Grid    | 8 × 8 CSS Grid, emoji candies |
| Input   | Touch, mouse, and keyboard (arrow keys + Space) |
| Rules   | Swap adjacent candies, clear runs ≥ 3, chain reactions, 20-move limit |
| Scoring | +10 pts / candy removed, persistent high score |
| UX      | 60 fps CSS transitions, no double-tap zoom |
| PWA     | `manifest.webmanifest` + offline cache (`sw.js`) |
| License | MIT |

**Controls**

* **Swipe / drag**: swap the touched candy with the neighbour in swipe direction  
* **Mouse**: click-drag in the direction you want to swap  
* **Keyboard**: use **← ↑ ↓ →** to move a cursor, **Space** swaps with the next key-press direction  

Play it here once GitHub Pages finishes building:
`https://<your-username>.github.io/sweet-swipe`

The game keeps track of your best score in local storage so you can try to
beat your previous high any time you open it.

---

## Local development

No build step required—just open `index.html`.  
A tiny dev server with live reload is handy:

```bash
npx serve .
```
Released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Fix initial board to start without automatic moves

README.md, after:

# 🍭 Sweet Swipe

A lightweight, fully-client-side HTML 5 match-3 game (think simplified **Candy Crush**) tuned for iOS 17+ Safari and playable offline thanks to a Service Worker.

| Feature | Details |
|---------|---------|
| Grid    | 8 × 8 CSS Grid, emoji candies |
| Input   | Touch, mouse, and keyboard (arrow keys + Space) |
| Rules   | Swap adjacent candies, clear runs ≥ 3, chain reactions, 20-move limit |
| Scoring | +10 pts / candy removed, persistent high score |
| UX      | 60 fps CSS transitions, no double-tap zoom |
| PWA     | `manifest.webmanifest` + offline cache (`sw.js`) |
| License | MIT |

**Controls**

* **Swipe / drag**: swap the touched candy with the neighbour in swipe direction  
* **Mouse**: click-drag in the direction you want to swap  
* **Keyboard**: use **← ↑ ↓ →** to move a cursor, **Space** swaps with the next key-press direction  

Play it here once GitHub Pages finishes building:
`https://<your-username>.github.io/sweet-swipe`

The game keeps track of your best score in local storage so you can try to
beat your previous high any time you open it. On startup the board is shuffled
until there are no matches, ensuring the first move is always yours.

---

## Local development

No build step required—just open `index.html`.  
A tiny dev server with live reload is handy:

```bash
npx serve .
```
Released under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
